There you are.
Did you both get the email survey sent?
You're both coming, right?
I must have missed it.
I was on calls all morning.
What's this about?
The whole office is leaving early.
We're going downtown to support the march for gay rights.
She won't go.
Why?
It's against our religion.
Some of her people came by my house,
and when I asked,
they said your church won't support gay marriage.
Irene?
It's true.
As Jehovah's Witnesses,
we hold to the Bible standard on marriage,
which is only between a man and a woman.
And we remain politically neutral.
That's such ignorant thinking.
I understand it's a sensitive subject.
I have a daughter who deserves her rights.
Trust me, Amber.
As one of Jehovah's Witnesses,
we believe everyone has a right to choose how they live.
And I would never force my beliefs on anyone.
But you won't go.
Just as I would never force my beliefs on you,
all I ask is the same respect.
And no, I won't be going.
I have to go back to work.
Look, obviously, Irene,
I don't agree with your perspective.
But I do appreciate that you're not pushing on anyone else.
Thank you.
Great discussion today, everyone.
Remember, midterms of this Friday, no excuses.
That includes you, Jordan.
You were noticeably silent during our discussion today, Olivia.
I was.
I guess I just didn't have much to say.
Aren't you concerned about gay rights?
Well, it seems like a political issue,
and I say neutral when it comes to political stuff.
But it's not a political issue.
This is a human rights issue.
Mr. Dallas, she's like crazy religious.
Hey, there's nothing wrong with it.
No, you don't understand.
Jehovah's Witnesses hate everybody that isn't straight.
That's not true. We don't hate anyone.
We're spoken with your people before.
They seem big on equality.
We are. The Bible says God isn't partial,
so we believe that everyone should be treated fairly.
Good.
So, I assume you have gay members in your church?
No, we don't.
But I thought you just said everyone should be treated equal.
I'm confused.
Yeah, call that.
Jordan.
Don't you have a class to get to?
As I was saying,
how is that not a little hypocritical?
Saying that you love everyone,
and then excluding certain people?
Honestly, Mr. Dallas,
I've wondered the same thing.
Okay.
And?
Well, I researched it in the Bible,
and I realized that God accepts all people,
but He doesn't accept all conduct.
What does that mean?
It means that you can't be abusing drugs,
you can't be stealing,
or being violent,
and still be a witness.
There's just certain actions that God just doesn't accept.
Including how someone expresses their sexuality?
In some cases, yes.
We follow God's standards,
not having sex without being married.
Well, if that's how you feel,
that's your right.
Personally, it seems a tad archaic to me,
but to each their own.
Hey.
Does the Bible really say all that?
Yeah, it does.
Okay, maybe you could show me some time.
Yeah, for sure. Awesome.